I decided to create a minimalistic portfolio website to showcase my skills and projects in a professional and accessible way. I wanted to present my work in a low profile but appealing and also have it to be easily navigable so potential clients or employers could visit to learn more about what I do seamlessly.
The design process was an exciting challenge. I wanted my website to be clean, modern, and easy to navigate, so I focused on a minimalist and geared towards a darker layout. later when I thought about the javascript I decided to include a light mode for accesibility. Speaking of javascript, Another thing I incorporated was a cool particle background which was made through the help of a youtube tutorial alongside other elements incorporated in the website. Going into the about I kept it very simple as I dont want to overload the user and just showed a profile of me and a description. Also I did not include skip links only because the user does not have to scroll for any of the pages and it would not serve a purpose. Going into projects I have included some of my favourite vids and edits I made. Overall solid and everything is responsive in the 3 formats. Then finnaly in contacts I set it up so anyone can email me once they fill in the details here. It will put that data into the description of the email being sent but I think its good enough espessially due to the limited timeframe I had going into this project. Overall I am satisfied with this project and will continue to refine the portfolio in the real world. Thank you Mr. Leeming for an amazing winter term and I can't wait to come back for second year!
